hello hello squirtles today we are
playing pokemon exe part 1 this is one
of the most requested exe game that you
guys have asked me to play I kind of
like playing these exe games cuz I I
take that back i hate playing these
games okay guys we are in here it says
welcome to the someday can't read it
sorry i think the doctor has been
sipping some of the special juice that
he's not making much sense anyway okay
so less i can't read you to get your
sayings let's skip through whoa Pikachu
pika pika man okay oh it's just upside
down first what is your name my name is
they watching I wanna be you good night
oh okay it is is that okay blah blah
blah blah I feel like I just jacked into
the matrix the pokey matrix I don't know
what your guys's fascination is with me
playing these exe games but I guess that
just means you guys enjoy them or enjoy
my plates rub tonight I do appreciate it
means a lot to me all the support you
guys have been showing all my videos
with the comments and thumbs up don't
act like or don't think that it doesn't
go notice because it's really it's
overwhelming guys I really do appreciate
it okay let's jump into this wonderful
land Pokemon man when I was a kid guys
is all I would play man I would go
outside with pokemon blue and just lay
on the lay on the grass and play this
okay okay that was close I gotta take
you into my room and kill you it doesn't
really say that
oh well backwards Pikachu has appeared
take that whoa gotta get tricky evil for
prey when I threw the ball out of this
is a lot more well made in the previous
txt games that we've been playing um
okey this game is taking around I did
not expect looks like I'm sucking on a
pacifier mama okay hello
hello stop it why are you guys toying
with me I don't like to be toyed with
okay I'm just a little purple baby but
you're just gonna rip my pacifier out of
my mouth next huh huh you evil Pikachu
I'm not scared of you Pikachu peek-a-boo
peek-a-boo I'm really creative guess
cloud really really loud see you know
what I freaked myself out cuz I make the
games way too loud you know what i mean
but i like it being super loud because
it gets me more who's that the game okay
guys we were playing part two now I
didn't want to end it on part one
because that game was too short let's
add a little bit of extra flavor on here
for you guys to love her well that was
quick never walk on the grass guys let's
see what's what's happening what's
happened in this game a wild much shop
has appeared in English I can actually
read his name oh I'm de Pikachu now okay
I don't think he's alive anymore guys I
think Pikachu learned self-destruct they
need to learn something is drunk right
away Butterfree biggish is gonna blow up
all over you wow that sounded awful no
stop it making sure stop it I don't want
to play more p she's not as fun as ever
recall okay pika okay that's cool yeah
whoa cool screen right in my ear right
in my ear let's keep let's move forward
I get it I see the name I get it let's
progress here guys start coming you see
this shoulder thing I'm not scared
that's just like wow nailed it okay
let's go back and walk through the abyss
of darkness this this is just fun i got
my pacifier back let's try not to touch
any of the redness the redness looks
like the death you know like I guarantee
you that used to be whiteness but the
blood of all the sacrifice pokemons that
my piggy jus keeps killing its fit
it didn't scare me you died I'm dead I
don't exist anymore okay oh it wants me
to go again I'm not gonna play anymore
and as you can tell i am a pathological
liar let's continue to play let's take
the headset off a little bit this who's
screaming in them in the in the ear
really just not not nice I'm guessing
there's three paths and one of them is
Victoria he and the other two are just
to make your ears bleed and maybe I was
wrong maybe the sight of this isn't
Pokemon blood it's the people who play
the blood that comes out of the ears
pours into these walls which is pretty
dark if you think about it well I'm
having fun this is a great time I'm so
glad I decided to play part 2 did I die
again bump this is bump bump a story
about a kid with out of phase ok guys I
don't know what I'm doing bullets let's
keep playing poor guy how is he gonna
make it you know is that a Phase II
can't him at him he's gonna get lost
he's gonna get lost man you can't not
get lost when when you don't have a face
I mean come on what do you mean I guess
maybe all of his other senses are
heightened to the point where like now I
gotta get lost at all this reminds me of
that maze game you guys remember the
maze game pika there you are you evil
son of a gun it Jimmy can take lies
gonna yell I'm not stupid I know
somethings about that it's not he really
over is it no it I knew it I never gonna
kick hit me ah shut up shut up your
Pikachu I knew it cuz I saw the game
thing at the bottom of the screen your
second second Sunday what's up baby you
guys want to congratulate my superior
intellect to smack that like button I
will feel the love thank you guys for
watching this video if you are a new
viewer smack that subscribe button down
there to be informed when I make new
videos I will see you guys in the next
video what is your favorite Pokemon
let's figure it out in the comments
section down below I will maybe tell you
in a future video or maybe i'll just
post it downstairs who knows it has see
you guys in the next video but bebini
head samash yeah